Add ability to override congestion levels for specific road classes. (#2741)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Added Ukrainian localization. ([#2735](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2735))
* Created the `UserHaloCourseView` similar to `UserCourseView` for approximate location on iOS 14 during the navigation to represent user location. Allow the switch between `UserHaloCourseView` and `UserCourseView` when precise mode is changed. ([#2664](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2664))
* Added the ability to provide more detailed `Speed limit incorrect` feedback during turn-by-turn navigation. ([#2725](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2725))

> * Added a new `NavigationMapView.trafficOverrideRoadClasses` property. For any road class in it all route segments with an `.unknown` traffic congestion level and a matching `MapboxDirections.RoadClass` will be replaced with the `.low` congestion level. ([#2741](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2741) 

Reviewer: jazzy will only link these enumeration cases if we fully qualify them with the type.

Author: Thanks, added fully qualified `CongestionLevel` enumerations.

* Added Ukrainian localization. ([#2735](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2735))
* Created the `UserHaloCourseView` similar to `UserCourseView` for approximate location on iOS 14 during the navigation to represent user location. Allow the switch between `UserHaloCourseView` and `UserCourseView` when precise mode is changed. ([#2664](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2664))
* Added the ability to provide more detailed `Speed limit incorrect` feedback during turn-by-turn navigation. ([#2725](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2725))
* Added the `RouteProgress.upcomingRouteAlerts` property to track upcoming points along the route experiencing conditions that may require the user’s attention. The `UpcomingRouteAlertInfo.alert` property contains one of the following types with more details about the alert: `Incident`, `TunnelInfo`, `BorderCrossingInfo`, `TollCollection`, and `RestStop`. ([#2694](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2694))

> * Added a new `NavigationMapView.trafficOverrideStreetsRoadClasses` property. For any road class in it all route segments with an `CongestionLevel.unknown` traffic congestion level and a matching `MapboxDirections.MapboxStreetsRoadClass` will be replaced with the `CongestionLevel.low` congestion level. ([#2741](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2741)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new `NavigationMapView.trafficOverrideStreetsRoadClasses` property. For any road class in it all route segments with an `CongestionLevel.unknown` traffic congestion level and a matching `Intersection.outletMapboxStreetsRoadClass` will be replaced with the `CongestionLevel.low` congestion level. ([#2741](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2741)) 
```
